<span class="float-left text-6xl font-title text-orange-800 mr-3 mt-[-6px] leading-none">L</span>aughter fills the chamber of a dimly lit tavern; you can barely here the boots stick to the wooden floor as the waitress scurries to fill drink orders. Ale spilt by drunks trying to forget the mess dealt to them in this hell they call home. The aroma of broth, boiled vegetables and seared meat relieves the stench of sour breath and half rotted teeth. Erevan, eyes peeled on each patron from a corner table, sharpens the broadheads on his finely fletched arrows with a wet stone nearly smooth. Maintenance, a discipline hammered repeatedly into his skull by a mentor he hasn't seen in ages. A sly smirk from the corner of his mouth forms as he hears the raspy voice in his head "Discipline is control, control is precision, precision is power". The smirk quickly fades and his lips curl in disdain as his next thoughts are the about the failure of the last guided hunt and the nobles who'd hired him-soft-handed, coward lords who'd vomit while he field dressed the beast he all but shot for them. They hang their trophies in their marble halls like conquests they themselves made, strutting beneath marvelous beasts sipping from crystal word more the the poor servings girls they would beat bloody after forcing themselves on them unable to perform with cocks as limp as their wills. The same silk-sheathed worms that destroyed his reputation after watching their hunting companion disemboweled, testicles to throat by the beast they'd paid him to take them to. "Should have let it take all of them" he whispers, testing the broadhead against his thumb until the blood wells up and pushes out through the flayed skin.

Erevan's sense sharpen and snap into the present as the sound of glass shatters from a quarrel fueled by liquid courage. The footwork of the men circling each other display a dire lack of skill. Both men towering just over five and a half foot. "A clash of the titans!" Erevan sarcastically says to himself as he continues to sharpen his broadheads.

He notices the waitress headed his way, carrying a steaming bowl of stew and a fresh pint of ale. His stomach aches and rumbles with hunger. A beautiful Half-Elf with dirty-blonde hair that falls just below her shoulders, dark brown eyes the shine with a hint of gold when the candle light hits just right. A soft smile perks up on her face as she notices Erevan looking at her.

"It's a rowdy crowd tonight" she says playfully as she set the bowl and tankard down.

"As long as it stay rowdy over there I shouldn't need you to protect me" Erevan says with sarcastic smirk.

The sound of tankard clashing in cheers rings out as the two titans finish their quarrel with a hug.

"Ah, and I was worried over nothing" Erevan says again sarcastically.

A smile beams across the waitress's face. She chuckles as she asks

"What brings you to our peaceful town?" matching Erevan's sarcasm.

"I am a cobbler, I make shoes for the elite back in Caer Dusk, I need exotic supplies that I can only find on the border of Eldrathor in Cresgate" Erevan says with a stoic expression. His cautious demeanor peers through the sarcastic banter. It's his business, and he doesn't like others knowing his business.

The waitress, confused by his appearance glances back and forth, a double take on his clothing and gear. She doesn't know how to receive his story, but she thinks to herself "I know for sure he isn't a damn cobbler"

"Oh, good luck finding what you need!" she says, understanding the pleasantries are no longer welcomed.

He has a slight feeling of guilt. "She was just being nice" he says in his head. He isn't quiet sure what to make of this place. Hired to track down missing villagers, just outside of town, it's better to not let on to that. Anyone of these people in here could be a sick cunt, snatching unsuspecting people going about there business to take them somewhere and carve their sins into the reality of their victims. He's seen it before unfortunately.

"I'll be damned, at least I will have one last fine meal" as he shovels the stew into his mouth.

"That old fuckers lessons always linger" Everan laughs to himself as he covers his tracks, that would lead wrong doers on a wild goose chase of winding, twisting, foot prints that circle the town.

Setting out before day break to get a jump on the mess he signed up for. Erevan pushes through the trees and into a clearing. In a brief pause, he wonders if his eyes deceive him. The valley before him doesn't blandly rot; it writhes in agony, vomiting forth a blight that covers the land. Blood-gorged parasites burrow through soil beneath him, black as a hanged man's tongue, each wriggling, body stuffed with liquefied human remains, each getting their fill on near by corpses. Their feculence spreads a plague of disease and pestilence that covers the land. As the rain begins to fall, the air turns thick, a layer stench that can only be described as sulfur hits his nostrils.

"Fuck me, even the rain is rotting in this land"

He continues forward, crossing streams clotted with a congealed thickness that resembles curdled milk. Ducking the bare limbs from trees that are blanched, dead from the acidic rain it would seem. The ground squelches and swells like a boil, a festering abscess that splits open under the pressure, spewing bile and methane into the atmosphere. Old men in Caer Dusk, with faces pinched and uptight, muttered over pints about the curse in the blood of the Eldrathor Kings. They said it was a punishment for pride, or perversion, or something that should remain unnamed. Erevan dismissed it as the foggy logic of the drunk and terrified. But now, seeing it for himself he understands why peasants would blame a princess born under a blood moon, especially after her birth claimed the life of the Queen. It is undeniable, Eldrathor is bleeding, hell Eldrathor is fucking dead.

The storms here haven't let up in weeks. Erevan's boots sink to the top of the kiltie in a spongy red and black surface, the color somewhere between dried blood and charred meat. The ground exhales a putrid stink like wound turned septic. His muscles contract and the blood expresses from within the stringy tethers of meat as he strains to wrench them free the clutching mud, glancing around for anything to help stabilize hit footing. Roots, collapsed trees, limbs, nothing around can offer support or stability; it's as if they all slither across the surface on their bellies, tangled and bare like the forest has given up hope. Overhead, the canopy should be a cathedral of lush greens, shading the ground from the summer sun, but what remain hang limp, the last desperate fiber holding to what once provided sustenance, their edges gnawed by some invisible blight. Branches slick with fungus, bark sloughing off in greasy strips, and every tree bore a crust of lichen that glowed faintly in the overcast light, like a rash spreading from trunk to trunk.

Silence, the only noise is the inconsistent drip of the acidic rain that gathers on Erevan's leather armor and the ringing pulse of his heart beat covered slighter by his exhales, pausing intervals to listen for any sign of motion. The warblers, the thrushes, the crows a whole orchestra of the usual woodland chorus are mute. If anything were to move here, it would be out of starvation or fear. The land itself seems to recoil.

A cool, uneasy breeze hit his face, the rain subsides after coating whatever remains. The aroma hits first, familiar, unmistakable. It takes but a moment for his eyes to locate the source. A missing villager, the first he's found, half-submerged in the congealed waters of the still creek bed. Wool garments green with mold, flesh liquefying and pooling beneath the corpse. Skin, hanging from the bone like wax melting away from the flame of a candle, . The sharp tang of what belongs buried underground now festers in open air.

"Poor soul has been here for weeks" Erevan, softly says under his breath.

Erevan crouches, holding an arrow like a maestro wielding a baton. With the tip he moves the tattered remnants of cloth away from the villager's face. Maggots writhe free with a faint squelching sound as they pour out in wet clumps from the sockets beneath eyes, yellowed, bulging, and glazed over in terror. The lips curled back in a rictus, a receding tongue twisted and contorting behind the newly exposed clenched teeth. His femurs, shattered and twisted at impossible angles, as the bones rip from skin, fractured and jagged. Below the ribs sat a single puncture, stark and surgical, as if something long and narrow had been driven through to maim and left to savor the agony. This display resembles something only a butcher would enjoy. Feeding on screams, engrossed with pleasure as he tortures his victim, manically laughing to a series of sickening pops, and wet squelches of tendons tearing from broken bones as limbs are drawn apart beyond its limits.

Beading on his brow, sweat gathers and runs down tracing the curves of his face. The trees groan, cackling under their own weight. Erevan's senses heighten, his breath stills, as his heart slows to an unnatural slow rhythm. Something is watching, patient and analytical, like a spider savoring its prey caught in a web. He doesn't flinch. After a moment the feeling subsides, he looks back at the mutilated corpse in front of him, Erevan has watched life fade from eye that he closed forever. But this butchery makes his stomach churn. This art, horrifically painted with blood and agony, this poor sap didn't realize he was the canvas. After studying this artist's handiwork Erevan knows his magnum opus of horror is yet to come.

With heightened senses, taut to the point of pain, he presses onward. The path narrows a cacophony dread, every step demanding a calculated decision: risk the sucking mud that bubbles beneath his feet, or brave the nettle-thick walls of briar and fungus that glisten with unnatural moisture. Erevan spots a tattered green cloak.

"Another one" he says to himself as if he's already pictured the scene he is about to witness. A once forest-colored but now mottled with black-brown stains, drapes the shredded and disfigured corpse. The garment matches the description of a farm boy-Terrin, they'd called him-who vanished from the same village three weeks prior. The body lies face down, split open from nape to tailbone, vertebrae gleaming like yellowed pearls in the dim light. His legs are twisted and pointing straight up toward the weeping sky, hips dislocated with surgical precision, torquing the femurs until they spiral behind him warping the leg around at impossible angles while stringy meat and translucent skin are the only tethers keeping the dismantled limbs attached to the torso. The head, cocked off to the side at a puppet-like angle, reveals eye sockets hollowed clean, replaced with smooth river rocks arranged with the meticulous care of a jeweler. On the exposed ribs, scrubbed white as winter bone, a spiral pattern scored with the point of a blade, shallow but unmistakable, perfect whorls tightening toward a center that rested on a thorny crown. Aligned precisely with where the heart would have been. A pulse of dread works its way up. The same pattern appears in a repeated dream throughout his life. An inevitable apocalypse, a prophecy of his own mutilation, with a feeling of immense failure swells over, know he did everything in his power to stop it. Erevan closes the boys' gapping jaws with an empathetic gentleness, then stood and scanned the woods.

Another hour passes as he moves in silence, following the line of the creek through a series of pools and slick-banked bends. With every hundred paces, the land grew more exhausted, the air so heavy with spores that the rag over his mouth clogs as he tries to avoid inhaling them. He listens for any sign of pursuit but hears nothing. This land is hollowed out, and he is its lone witness.

It's midday as he reaches a clearing, the light so diffuse and gray that time itself seems to hesitate. At the center stands a stone well, ancient and lidless, its rim crusted with moss and human skulls. Someone arranged the skulls in a ring around the mouth, their jaws agape in a useless cry. On the stones below, a series of tracks barefoot, splayed, inhuman like circled the well, then trailed off into the deeper woods. Fresh indents, sharp and clean, but filled already with a film of water. He glances into the well. The darkness inside was absolute. Peering throughout the ruins he finds a piece of cloth snagged on a bramble-a strip of sackcloth, stained with something dark and greasy, the scent familiar. Something in the fat, in the way it clings to the fibers, reminds him of tallow candles and ritual unguents from his childhood in the north.

He pockets the scrap and moves on. The prints led him toward a stand of dead birches, the bark peeled away in sheets, revealing pale wood beneath. There, at the edge of the dying wood, he caught the glint of metal: a child's toy, a small tin soldier, its head twisted off and its chest pierced by a thin wooden stake. The implication was too obvious to ignore. Erevan, getting a sense of the cold logic, sets the scene as it settles into his bones. This isn't the work of a creature gone mad. It is a hunt, and he is invited to witness its progress.

The tracks plunged deeper, serpentine through a stranglehold of thorns into a hollow where trees huddled like conspirators. Daylight bled away as the air chilled against his skin. Erevan measured each breath-an old mercenary's trick to mask fear beneath control. Around a bend in the path, he discovered another victim: an elderly woman suspended from a branch, her skin peeled away with methodical precision, her own intestines fashioned into the noose that held her aloft. Where eyes should have been, smooth river stones stared back at him. The display needed no translation: I want you to see what I've collected.

Dragging itself on the belly of the once beautiful forest the path is an ulcer of churned mud and blackened leaves that led inexorably toward the source of all this death. Erevan followed it with the grim focus of a man tracing a death sentence, eyes peeled for traps or the ghostly afterimage of whatever intellect had arranged the carnage behind him. For a while, the only sign of disturbance was the sickly-sweet odor thickening on the air, a cloying stench that reminded him uncomfortably of the paupers' wards in distant city mortuaries. But in time, even that was overwhelmed by a new presence: the prickle of heat, the metallic tang of fresh blood. Beneath it, the crackle of voices chanting in a tongue, older than the trees themselves. Terminating at the base of a crumbling escarpment, the ground yawned open into an uneven maw. The cave mouth was rimmed with a crust of old fat and something that might once have been hair, caked together by years of smoke and splatter. At its threshold, a pair of wooden dolls, their expressions depicting rapture and agony. Erevan, never superstitious, felt a momentary urge to leave an offering or mutter a prayer, but only spat to clear his throat and pressed onward.

Inside, the temperature drops with every step, light collapsing into a darkness so thick it drips from the ceiling. Air, thick with the scent of blood and burning flesh fills his nostrils. A syncopated chorus of guttural syllables, murmurs hanging in the air in anticipation echo down the narrow passage. Wicks burning short inside a slumping candle project shadows against weeping stalagmites and harden clay walls. A congregation of figures, each one hunched over like a bird of prey. Smoke gathers at the ceiling as embers radiate from within charred flesh, still crackling like seared meat. In the circle lay three smoldering bodies, aesthetically arranged in perfect symmetry. It takes but a glance at the prone bodies to reiterate what Erevan already knew.

"The missing children, all three of them" He thinks to himself in disgust.

He sighs quietly.

"A moment too late"

He slips through the shadows with an unbreakable focus. The need for parley or barter for the safe return no longer an option, the clarity of his purpose is absolute.

The chamber throbs with dying chants that reverberate through his bones. Twelve silent steps bring him into their midst, a ghost unnoticed. Guttering yellow candles illuminate five skeletal figures kneeling in ritual. Thorned crowns rise from spirals carved with surgical precision into flesh. Protruding ribs press against chalk white skin, nearly tearing with each sway. Blackened flakes of clotted blood and sticky wet chunks of tissue cling to the jagged edges of hollowed sockets, as if each cultist had torn out their own sight in ecstatic frenzy. Tendons, unmistakably human, seal their mouth with precise stitches, insinuating the work of a deranged artist. Their spines undulate back and forth in a hypnotic rhythm, being manipulated by invisible strings hanging from above.

Without a breath of sound, Erevan nocks an arrow. His fingers find the bowstring's worn groove, testament to his dedication to his craft. The goose feathered fletching softly brushes his cheek as he breathes deep and readies his shot, a familiar ritual that calms the storm in his chest. His eyes close, the breath leaves with a quiet sigh, eyes opening with an intense focus. A sharp snap echoes as he lets loose the bowstring.

He strikes with a predator's precision. A sharp snap echoes as he lets loose the bowstring. The arrow shrieks through the half-light, burying itself at the base of a woman's neck. A thwap rings out as the arrow punches through her neck bones, severs her brainstem and pushes through the soft layers of her esophagus before coming to a stop. Her arms flail, palms slapping the air and rocks beneath her as she reels from the shock, grasping for support to ease her pain. As her body slows you can hear the faintest as her lungs deflate around the finely crafted arrow still lodged in her punctured throat.

The fanatic to her left whirls around to square up with his predator, but it's too late for the unsuspecting prey. Erevan's left-hand clamps over the jaw, blood sprays from the once perfectly sewn lips now split open by a forceful twist. The fanatics jaw relents as a wet pop rings out from the joint bursting and rips free from the socket leaving his jaw hanging contorted, crooked and useless. With unbridled rage Erevan continues twisting, feeling every vertebra in the man's neck give way from the force. Twisting any further would remove head from mangled neck, no longer a threat Erevan's drops the limp body.

Another cultist lunges forward with muffled screams that give away his movements. Arms stretched out in a desperate attempt to locate their attacker. Erevan slips left, drawing steel from his hip in a single fluid motion. His blade arcs upward in a tight rising sweep the cleave frees the arms just below the elbow. Bone caps split, tendons retreating into the biceps like a whipped cord. In excruciating pain, the man's cries start from a muffle murmur to a blood curdling scream as the pain overwhelms him to the point he rips through the stitching in his lips in search of any relief. Erevan completes the pivot letting his momentum carry him in a tight pirouette that returns the strike scythed across the throat. Steel opening everything from the first layer of skin through the trachea before a sudden stop.

The only thing keeping the fanatic upright is Erevan's blade. A hard thud and a wet swish cut through the moment as Erevan drives a boot into the man's chest and yanks back on the pommel, wrenching the steel free from the half-split vertebra. The body drops instantly, collapsing into a heap of ragged flesh. The nearly severed head lolls and bobs, unable to settle on the ruined neck that can no longer hold it.

A split second later comes a sickening crunch as Erevan's heel slams into the fanatic's kneecap, ligaments snapping like mooring lines in a storm. The man buckles, and before he can even hit the dirt, Erevan's blade is already there to meet him. A dark red geyser erupts as the steel punches through the side of his neck, rupturing the carotid in a single, well-placed strike

Only one remains.

Erevan slows his pace, letting the last fanatic's panic set in fully. It stumbles forward, the fanatic frantically flailing, fighting the feeling of fleeing. With a single, inexorable lunge, he drives his blade deep into her belly. Blood pours from her hands as she grasps the empaling blade. She begins to spasm uncontrollably. A deliberate twist of his wrist as he pulls back on the hilt, her ribs part, entrails spill out opening her viscera. Her breath quickens as she expects a fatal blow any second. It doesn't come. Erevan leaves her, crumpled and disfigured laying in her own feculent. Ensuring she suffers for as long as possible. If it were up to him, he would hire a healer to keep her alive long enough for the infection to set in and turn gangrenous. No, she doesn't get a sweet release. None of them should have.

His pulse roars in his ears. He wipes his stained hands on a length of coarse linen, blotting at the iron-scented smear until the cloth ran dark. Torches flickered in the stillness as he moves toward the chamber's center where the children lay in a circle, burnt motionless children. In the center of them stand a heavy copper bowl, its surface mottled with a thin rendered fat from the removed organs of the children.

The eldest girl of maybe twelve, described to have golden hair that fanned like a halo, now just charred remains, unable to recognize which one is which. The wound on her chest appears so careful, so deliberate, it reads in the same language as the rest, an artist's stroke. A single, clean incision, edges that didn't pucker or tear, a blade wielded by hands steadier than any of the twitching, emaciated cultists whose bodies now cooled on the stone floor. None of these fanatics carried the skill for these wounds, or the meticulous displays he had encountered in the forest-those grisly tableaux of peeled skin and positioned limbs spoke of patience and a disturbing aesthetic sensibility.

A chill comes over him. His spine stiffens as a cold weight settles between his shoulders. A subtle warm breath glides across his nape like a whisper. His knuckles crack as his grip tightens across the hilt of his blade. A creeping weight settles on his chest. Cold dead eyes pierce the back of his skull. Frustration is let loose as grief and rage clash in his chest.

"Reveal yourself!" he yells.

"Let only one of us leave this tomb and the other burn with the rest, a fitting end" he continued.

His blood cools. Looking down at the charred remains.

"You all deserved better"

He let the grief weigh for a moment before he buries it deep. Exhales forcefully and gets back to his duty, to end suffering, not memorialize it as he releases the smallest child's cold hand.

After stacking the bodies and memorizing the flesh carve sigils of the spiral and thorned crown, Erevan douses the bodies with oil from a nearby lamp. Flames from the torch whip and snap as he gives it one last look over. Erevan drops the torch and heads back out of the cave.

Still no color to be had in this grey land of decay, he walks until he loses sight of the cave. When all a sudden he is dropped to his knees, knuckles digging into the mud. The world tilts with ringing in his ears, and then, behind it, a sound. Chains rattle, gagged whimpers, bells ringing. With clarity that borders on hallucination, he sees a courtyard of red stained cobblestones. The same sounds echoing in the background, whimpers that seem to fade in wind. At the center was a platform, and atop it, a man kneeling, head bowed, arms bound behind his back, waiting for his life to be snuffed out. He blinks, and the vision shatters. The memory of that courtyard, the cave, the smell of burning flesh, the chains rattling and the muffled whimper sent a thrumming pain to the base of his skull.

Rising to his feet, Erevan steadies his breathing until the world stops tilting beneath him. A cold certainly settles in his bones like winter frost: these were not random cruelties. An architect had drawn the blueprint for both the ritual and his presence here. The spiral pulling him along, its curve inevitable as a noose tightening, he knows only death waits for him at the center.
